We have added responsiveness using Fluxbox.
Let's go ahead and let's actually do this with CSL grade.
So we're going to go back over here and we're going to go to Maine you assess and let's say we're here
we're going to come and disrupt this.
Right.
So we're going to come and go out and we're going to come and go.
And and again we're going to have to start with the media.
So we're going to say I mean here we are going to say screen right and we're going to say and now we're
going to say men with or here and I'm going to say five so the six lines of 576 pixels.
Right.
And then we're starting the same way here.
And then we're going to have a skills center know this and then we're going to have this play.
We're going to Sigrid.
So instead of flex now we're using the grid and all here and we're going to say for the grid template
columns grid template columns and all are all going to say one fraction one fraction here and then we'll
have a Grid column and then we're going to say gap.
So we're going to say Grid column gap.
And this is going to be space in between.
And so we're going to say one.
Yeah.
And then over here again we would want for the actual skill to place the text in the center to say scale
and this is going to be text align center line and I'm going to say Center this.
We saved this.
Then once we have the skill right you can see I misspelled it and over here we would want for a paragraph.
So I'm going to say skill paragraph or here we're going to say margin or 0 zero.
Again we're just placing it right in the center and all going out there with.
Right.
So with is going to be an 80 percent on hand like this.
Now we need the same one for a bigger screen.
Right.
But this goes the columns are going to be four.
So pretty much the same deal over here right just or here and we're going to do is we're going to copy
and paste this like this.
Then we're going to grab it and we're going to say 9 9 2.
So this is going to be 9 9 to one like this.
Then again we just need to check what is going to be the same right.
This play grid Well we already have it right.
Then gap Well we want the same gap actually right.
So we just leave it over here.
Right.
So we can delete it in here let's do it this way again let's use a repeat.
All right so what I'm saying is a repeat and repeat four of them right.
One fraction really.
Then we have all here skill and are here let's say the skill.
Fine.
We don't really care about skill.
Skill is going to stay the same text align center.
And here again with actually with 100 percent so we're going to back over here hundred percent.
Let's say this and let's see whether we have the same look over here.
So we're going to go back over here and we're going to check it out.
Right now we can see that this is the look we have on here.
Right.
And if we go back over here right.
This is the look that we have here.
Right.
So this is how it's going to work with any See it says X marks and with zero says GREEN Right.
So basically we have two options.
However you actually want to work with them.